docs: cache-wrapping and virtual store (#8102)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/building-modules/msg-services.md

Let us break it down:

- The [`Msg`](./messages-and-queries.md#messages) is the actual object being processed. 

> - The [`Context`](../core/context.md) contains all the necessary information needed to process the `msg`, as well as a branch of the latest state. If the `msg` is succesfully processed, the modified version of the temporary state contained in the `ctx` will be written to the main state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`Context`](../core/context.md) contains all the necessary information needed to process the `msg`, as well as a branch of the latest state. If the `msg` is successfully processed, the branched version of the state contained in the `ctx` will be written to the main state (branch).
```
